hey this is MC poetic tendency here to
tell you that ebay just sucks and that
the California District Attorney should
do something about it eBay is governed
by the laws of California the California
Penal Code govern knife sale and ebay
policy prohibits switchblade ebay allows
illegal items and prevents legal item
from being sold on ebay com ebay breaks
California state law it's against ebay
policy to sell switchblades so why does
ebay advertise them ebays on google
advertising automatic mine ebay is on
yahoo advertising switchblade knives you
can search lycos for auto knives and
switchblade knives be based right there
at titan forum and my ultimate favorite
emai is on msn live they love the
Microsoft Network you can search the
auto knife automatic knife switchblade
knife and
it made nice little all pointed
something on ebay what great advertising
for an illegal items ebay has ebay
prohibits spring assist knife while they
allow switchblade ebay breaks their own
user agreement an ebay breaks the
California state law on life sale ebay
employees are simply idiots they don't
understand what the models are let's see
microtek protec boker dual action OTF
what's that for three thousand dollars
per microtek wow great revenues for ebay
oh no spring assisted knives that are
illegal well at least the morons at ebay
think that wrong idiot bill SB 274 makes
them legal it's California state law
don't you remember the california penal
code is what governs ebay what morons so
what did i do I contacted the Better
Business Bureau and file the case with
the colonel in the office in the San
Jose office of the Better Business
Bureau to do you need to contact if you
got a problem with ebay it took 30 days
because ebay didn't want to respond
right away to my complaint but soon they
had to listen because it was the law
sadly victory didn't last long and the
new one from the morons at ebay with its
spring assisted knives illegal in the UK
so you can't sell him first of all I'm
in the US and we got our independence in
1776 from written so what does that have
to do with anything and anyway they're
legal in Britain I'll prove it okay ebay
more on the criminal justice act in the
UK states the same thing is California
law because the law is based off from
bill SB 274 moron I'm Scottish I should
know but then when I filed a better
business bureau case on you the clown
said that it doesn't fall jurisdiction
to them so what did I have to do I had
to contact the British authorities and
playing against ebay on them and then
they claimed that it was just against
our policy let's not don't lie the
policy doesn't even state that doesn't
even stay anything of the sort with
assistant 9 simply ebay is a horrible
company run by the biggest morons on the
planet regard to safety and adhering to
the California Penal Code laws on knives
so I thank you that you should report
them to the California District Attorney
the Better Business Bureau and the FTC
because something should be done it
makes no sense that they prohibit legal
item and allow illegal items to be sold
while they advertise for so that's MC
poetic tendency telling you why roadside
imports calm 24-7 knives calm nah I've
24-7 calm and spring assisted knives
calm all hate ebay with a passion yo hey
MC why do you still sell on ebay that's
pretty simple there's two other many
other morons who want to buy stuff ebay
is crazy it's got market notarized
everybody knows eBay everybody goes to
ebay to look at stuff makes no sense you
can go to newegg.com and buy anything
electronic for a hell of a lot to do
when you can even find it on ebay for
eBay is crazy it's got market notoriety
everyone knows eBay everybody goes to
ebay to look at stuff makes no sense you
can go to newegg.com buy anything
electronic for the hell of a lot cheaper
you can even find it on one acre down
with ebay use a search engine that's
empty poetic tendency splay my ebay
sucks down with ebay use a search engine